everybody welcome back there on the line
please inviting Liza contra Plus don't
shoot the messenger
yesterday became 118 plates one point
three two percent that's fine
today's scores are in the 30s to 40
thousands but it is another run that
only goes to Mom's foot just saying I
see I mean I we went on a spiel I look
for a seat we got bombed boy and guppies
pas here which is not that bad they
already went on a spiel about this in
the last daily I just wish that all day
leaves went like all the way I'd be fine
with that and then make delirium like
wait now this is a different episode
I've recorded I was gonna say so much
Isaac lately but I've recorded enough
Isaac lately that I've gotten myself a
little confused your disregard I don't
want to have you know commentary
spoilers fourth I'm just joking it's
irrelevant I just wish they all went all
the way because the seam is the the
hardest part every day is like a one
more yard you take them by the hand and
then you take them by the heart because
the theme finding is the hardest part
that's what I've always said Lou kept
good item speed is terrible right now
but apart from that word kind of loving
this I mean one bomb with bomber boy and
hot bombs can do a ton of damage and our
damage itself is actually fine which I
neglected to mention but should because
I always complain when it's bad our
speed is bad that's the biggest downside
right now but our HP is fine Greaves
gullet huh seems like we should take it
I'm not going to hit the button I don't
know if it's worth a bomb to hit the
button I'm not always thrilled with what
we get from those buttons let me get
callous I'm going to stick with safety
cap but it's not you know what we should
as much as I hate to do this because
it's probably a waste of a bomb for the
exploration points and also for the the
chance that we get the world's greatest
shop you should go in we didn't get
either well we got the exploration bonus
but we didn't get the world's greatest
shop but that's okay it was a relatively
low cost this floor is a little
it's of a of a gamble because it's bad
to use Guppies paw before it's necessary
because you can get the advantage out of
having the red hearts and the red hearts
do give you a pretty sizable advantage
the longer you hold them you know you
can use them for blood banks you can use
them just as we general regenerating HP
you get the idea but I kind of want some
spirit hearts luckily we've just gotten
so I'm not going to wait for that fire
to dissipate no I'm not because we don't
have a key to get into the other item
room there okay with a pill I'm gonna
die with a spirit I'm going to take some
pills
there you go I'm going to place a bomb
here at least I waited to get a spirit
heart before I took the pill otherwise
we could have actually screwed up this
run pretty bad and cost ourselves to
deal with the devil did we really have
no no cause to not get smart man smart
man that was a situation where pride
could have been before the fall I wish
they would make some sort of expression
that is you know easily digestible for
that friends to the end burp
has given us another friends till the
end that's not too bad at least don't
care about that trinket but that was a
very humble use of Guppies paw that has
led to me definitely getting a deal with
the devil here and we'll see what's in
this deal with the devil it's nice to
have this sliding door sort of effect
where we actually know what our run
would look like if we didn't do what we
did there so let's see what we would
have been missing out on it's not at
present that incredible but you know if
we pop Guppies paw one more time we will
be able to get to the Whore of Babylon
state I don't want to do it just yet
because I really do value we don't want
that yet either I really do value oh
come on
Chewbacca I don't know why I slipped
into this weird pseudo Nick Nolte
impression that makes my voice feel like
it's just gonna shear off of my pharynx
okay
we have no keys so it's an easy decision
we didn't even use any keys on the last
floor you know we just we use two bombs
to get into the shop because the shop is
adjacent to the secret room
either way this run is it very very very
good right now
damage is above average especially for
us like not having modified it and then
our fire radar to your raid rather is
fantastic as well you guys were I don't
I don't buy that hitbox I know that's
like the number one thing if you want to
seem smart about criticizing a game you
go the hitboxes don't seem right but I
was what I saw your your pupils dance in
the pale firelight there you tell me
they're not taking fire damage I don't
know I call I call shenanigans there so
we're further away from having zero HP 0
red hearts because of greens Gullit
greens going is one of those items I
have almost exclusively squandered my
use of up to this point so I still it is
a fundamental lack of knowledge I have
with respect to one of the rules of
engagement with grieve gullet if you
spend the money do you lose the HP and
if you lose the HPV you lose it forever
because if you lose it forever I don't
really want to go to the shop and buy
something until I see if maybe I can you
know lose it on a deal with the devil
here is something instead that's more
productive and then maybe you just can't
take the HP away from me no okay you
need to stand right here a bit of a
whiff honestly just keep yourself safe
it's not like we're tight on time that
is the perfect spot for you to be thank
you very much
still got 5 bombs nothing wrong with
that no deal with the devil little
Stephen is you know fairly
inconsequential for us at this point in
the run should go to the shop I mean I
think I should buy things but we might
want to play a self sacrifice room so
it's kind of a tough call but you know
black
like really good also the moving box
boxes up all the freaking items then you
drop them down later I don't know what
to do with that but I'm going to buy a
black candle it did cost us HP so now
the next test is to see what happens if
we get over 25 cents again I'm assuming
we will not get our HP container back
which would be a modest bummer but black
candle is like worth getting curse of
the unknown curse of the lost curse of
the blind on a daily can can ruin your
existence so don't take that yet we have
keys now so we might be able to get like
a pill identifier we got the wafer which
is actually fantastic for playing a
self-sacrifice room so you know we're
approaching the point of the game you
know what I want to get on this daily at
this point it seems like the most likely
outcome is not in a waz room or at least
the preps the best outcome for us is not
in a waz room it's a it's a teleport
card out of boss rush into playing a
self-sacrificing room where we have the
wafer now we can get down to that lam
floor relatively cheap and be in a
decent spot I think so
we'll grab this now to health upgrade I
still think that's good please be secret
room it's beautiful because now what is
this a place we could place this and get
like the secret room and the shop man
waiting in the sky he'd like to come and
greet us what do you think he'd blow our
mind honestly I will use one more bomb
to make this safe I've done enough you
know fire walks here to find myself
probably believing that the right call
is not to try to go in between the
spikes there we could look for a second
secret room there's not many locations
for it in fact I think I've kind of
become disillusioned with looking for
second secret rooms but that's going to
change right here let there be C grid
rooms and let them begin
with me what do we got the world's super
$0.05 that's fine like it has to be here
more or less what okay it could have
been on the big room I neglected to give
you that valuable piece of information
until that moment so the general all we
need bombs that I just spent a thousand
of them the general consensus on these
mirrors is first off everybody makes fun
of me when I say mirror how do you
pronounce it it's one of the worst words
in the English language in terms of its
design in my opinion it's got a lot of
syllables that sound lightens muddled
when you say them next to one another
don't even try to be like mm I say me
roar I know you don't say me roar you're
from frickin you know North Carolina
you're not from 18th century England
Hugh Jackman freaking Kate and Leopold
over here yeah so find a Victorian
mirror we're all saying mirror all right
let's go down to the freakin home debit
get us some mirrors learn a little about
living and a lot about love you know
that's what Amir's for probably I don't
know I've never used one we're so far
ahead of schedule on the boster anyway
did I mention what the general consensus
is or did I just move into the tangent
after that point immediately
the general consensus right now is
ignore them and then if you have a bomb
blow them up especially if you blow them
off on the chest you get a free item so
it does function like a football that
was close
it does function like a fortune-teller
which is actually really cool although
now it brings into question why the
blood bank doesn't behave like that if a
freaking mirror can give you items but I
guess a mirror can have drawers inside
of it you know you can store an item in
those drawers
it's like Kanye West said forget all
that flirtin now I'm trying to get in
some drawers he was probably just
talking about blowing up the makeup
table
Oh to get how we could get a secret room
if you play our cards right though it
was a terrible idea you moron okay get
out of your that that that is just the
worst ah you idiot okay move on I got
mine flooded myself with the with the EZ
that's okay happens all the time so I
it's hard being so Street you know
constantly I'm like well what the
amortization table look like for this I
don't know I can't tell because I'm too
mine flooded by the easy oh and when I
wake up I recognize you're looking at me
for the pay cut okay what do you got for
me here that is not a teleport car but
it's valuable nonetheless we I mean you
pick it up and then you put it back down
it is bookworm enabling at least and I
think maybe we just want to go straight
up for spirit hearts here we definitely
want to do the boss trap room as well so
I'm I'm not worried about HP I'm a
little worried about our damage penalty
cuz I've been kind of a needy already
can't screw it let's do it
I believe nice okay worth every penny i
dodge right into that enemy you it
always happens ten minutes into a run I
start to lose a little bit of focus and
things start to go off the rails a
little bit I'm not popping to hear a
farm card yet because if we get a blank
card or a taro cloth even it will be
worth having waited because raw HP is an
important resource here when it comes to
getting into the the self-sacrifice room
and being able to play it to its logical
conclusion so or really it's incredibly
illogical conclusion but you get the
idea dude
I think it's pretty clear that our
damage is starting to overstay its
welcome here six times 4.19 could use
well I'm not going to complain about it
because honestly we'll probably get a
damage upgrade regardless from our deal
with the devil in one way or the other
usually this is what happens so still on
pace not too worried we could reroll
this but I think I'd rather - and maybe
take a nap but I wanted to take it in
case it was a teleport car because we do
want to do boss rush and after doing
boss rush teleport out that goes there
guys did the tune of the Pink Panther
theme song that's that's a joke for
eight-year-olds who was somehow were
born in like 1963 so they're familiar
with you know the Pink Panther theme I
mean it's probably not it's not only as
an unheralded piece of media I'm just
saying okay Bighorn this is going to be
a fairly long boss fight this would have
been a good one to save a bomb for but
oh my god II put me in the freakin Full
Nelson here
it's again just par for the course maybe
there's some bias in this but I was like
you know if you have bad damage sorry
you're going to fight rag man probably a
champion version and you're going to
fight Big Horn it's just the rules of
engagement of course if you have amazing
damage you're probably going to kill Big
Horn in like you know less than 30
seconds and not even really think about
it that much that's good oh we got it we
got it absolutely grab it grab it and I
think you stick with Guppies head and
just acknowledge that red hearts are a
little dangerous although with go ahead
we shouldn't have to worry so much now
we need to stack up HP because we are
going to possibly want to play a self
sacrifice room soon we are of course
also almost guppy Pandora's box
I think this floor is the spirit hearts
which is ideal by the way we improved
our damage immensely not just because of
the flies but we got simple Incubus is
effectively going to double our damage
if we hit with every shot which is not
realistic but it provides a number
maximum for quality and then I don't
know how we got a charge there we also
got a Whore of Babylon activated you can
be forgiven for forgetting that it even
existed but here we are
I will check our secret rulers higher
curse room now ended up paying dividends
but it's not always going to be the case
so we have to make a judgment call
fairly soon that's going to hurt you
have to make a judgment call fairly soon
about what we're going to do when it
comes to boss rush I think in the end we
did make the right decision yesterday it
was the lame decision but it also did
allow us to finish top 100 which you
know I'm somewhat happy for at least
means that we didn't miss an obvious
seam today we got to choose if we have
no teleport card and there's a
self-sacrifice room are we going to do
boss rush and hope for a teleport card
or are we going to do the self sacrifice
your expecting that boss rush is never
going to come to fruition okay this is
easy you take crackerjacks you get HP
use the HP to get contract from below
and then you buy the shovel as well
sorry Guppies head but the shovel
actually completely changes the game so
now I start to realize that we have a
chance to rank well today and it's for a
very obvious reason not everybody is
going to have the resources or time even
if you consider that a resource not
everybody is going to have the ability
to play all of the boss Trap rooms that
led us to get Goathead maybe it's just
the one I don't know somewhere deeper
down the causality chain there's
something else going on there but you
get the idea like there goes forward
Babylon we could always trade this away
for like something else immediately if
we want to we have go ahead so
everything's open but yeah if you didn't
get go ahead you're going to be in a bit
of a weird spot here the shovel is
actually like the best of all ways out
because especially for boss rush it's
not a one-shot deal you know we'll get
like 6 boss rush shovel attempts and the
odds of all six of those paying out with
with the crawl space are effectively nil
nil enough to not have to concern
ourselves with it at all basically yeah
that's what we need getting pretty close
to spun you got to go chaos like that's
just how
she goes boys and you grab this and
48-hour energy you grab that and you use
this and yeah don't use that verb last
pill 48 hour energy we got to go faster
by the way yeah we like we have to go
faster but we also do have to I mean I'd
like to get a crawlspace if only for my
own personal pride all right so we're
down here and we did everything on that
floor I think it's fine
we lost our HP because of reeds gullet
again completely okay oh so yes we will
become Gumby it will give us HP which is
bad but will also become guppy which is
extremely good so now we definitely do
not have to make a decision all we have
to do is get the boss rush and if we get
the boss rush we will be able to use the
shovel to teleport down one extra floor
so we're just going to keep this room
for basically the fact that it exists
get that exploration bonus I think you
know if the top score is 37,000 I'm
sorry the top scores like forty three
thousand today but if we're if we're
able to get to boss rush I think we got
every ability to be in the 30s at least
I'm a little bit lighter on points than
I would normally be at this point and I
think it's a basically bad damage but we
have a chance to recover for that
through surprisingly good luck slash you
know the decision-making that we had I
guess okay so don't take too long here
but get these rerolls done evil eye is
fine Bob's rotten head is not this is
our last play yeah okay Expo steve-o is
decent enough gulp it's a trinket
smelter we don't really need to get any
smaller on this one
we're only going to use the shovel for
like business purposes only this is our
company shovel you know we can't use it
for personal stuff we're just being
audited so there's our dodge right into
it great common trope for me with those
guys
grab these that's probably our second
secret room we do if possible we'd like
to explore absolutely everything and we
also do not need the budget time to go
to the deal with the devil because we're
going to have the goat head so we can go
to the deal with the devil regardless
now it's going to be like do you even
want those internal hearts my guts
telling me no right now because there's
no point uh well the thing is do we want
to make it harder for us to have Whore
of Babylon may not matter
check the shop to a diamonds grab it I
don't know grab another key get the heck
out of here we got to go uh I guess
here's the thing we'll take both it does
put us further away from Whore of
Babylon but if we got one item on a deal
with the devil it could be too hard or
we could easily up two items so having a
second red heart is not necessarily a
bad call we may want to play a
self-sacrifice room eventually and by
the way leaving those two keys behind
for once did actually cost us big it
cost us the ability to easily get into
that double key room that was a bit of a
mistake
hopefully not a major one easy fight I
was going to say if it's Krampus we
don't really care because he's going
down I hate new Krampus dude lump of
coal exactly what we wanted take a gulp
pill with you take this no yeah if you
want me to reroll that I understand your
point and the other items are not
necessarily crushing it but I can't dude
I'm going to take holding bombs the real
reason behind this is because a couple
of runs ago I rolled my whole run and it
turned into complete garbage so you know
take it up with the
take it up with patrol engine if you got
a problem with it we had a run where I
thought we might have a chance of being
in the you know the front page and then
by reroll it I made it nearly impossible
for us to survive did end up surviving
and actually I was very proud of how
that run ended but so we don't want to
use the shovel too many times it's just
a little dicey we did take chaos which
might explain why you know this boss
rush was a little wonky but I don't know
what I don't know if it looked that
irregular as compared to a normal boss
rush payout at this point so remember
there's no chance all it's a crawl space
the crawl space you've got to be careful
though it spits you out on the mom floor
yeah maybe we actually just on the mom
room so many little things to remember
with the shovel we might just want to
ignore it in theories there is a way we
could get the crawl space to work for us
and if it's a black market and this
worked I would be mad that I didn't do
it but if you have a charge you could
use your charge your shovel charge that
is on the mom fight like the mom room I
should say goes we're not gonna be able
to get back into boss rush is what I'm
getting at we're already past 20 minutes
so and the odds are very good you would
not get another crawl space but the odds
are not a hundred percent so I feel like
it would be a little foolish although
admittedly quite brave but straight-up I
want to have a daily that goes past boss
rush for the first time in like four
days and I think we're we're
well-equipped to to get a good score
today so I don't want to squander it for
no reason at least
watching out for enemies they can pop up
I mean guppy is doing our job for us
right now our damage and swell our tears
that is great but our damage stat is
still a little low for the point of
which we're adding the game but
explosive Oh lump of coal and Gabi are
finishing the job that poor didn't
started here so although of course I
would love to see a hive mind or
something along those lines you really
don't need much else to to beat the lamb
like this is unacceptable run for
beating the lamb and in a timely fashion
- like we would definitely be able to
make it to a hush fight if one existed
you should be out of here within like
the next 45 seconds or so like this
might even be our final wave please give
me hive minds hive mind my mind will be
really good I know I'm harping on it but
if you want to give me double damage
flies and whatever form that takes if
it's hive mind great if not hey as long
as it does what it says on the tin
that's cool okay almost got me that we
didn't take it took one hit here two
hits I can't remember the oil hits it's
been a good boss rush and matchbooks
okay i think you just go sorry
crawlspace I've been burned one too many
times the door doesn't stay open
otherwise we could have walked back into
the mom fight and then look to see if we
got anything and then you know fountain
dude I think of the bombs that I got
from I think I did from matchbook I
think I did anyway
now these floors we do still need to get
portals downwards but if we can get a
black market that would also be swell
crawl space or black market I don't
really care so we're looking for 30,000
I always like underestimate the amount
of points you get in the early game and
overestimate the amount of points you
get in the later game so I'm looking at
this right now and I'm like eighty
thousand easy I've got it cold but
it's a troll bomb I don't know if we do
to be honest with you I think it is
conceivable although a little brazen to
suggest that we might not ever get hit
again except for self-sacrifice rooms
which are really the big deal right now
again now it becomes the classic like
game of chicken in a daily like what do
you do if you find a self-sacrifice room
on this floor do you take it or do you
ignore it
personally I'm kind of inclined to be a
little risk-averse on today's daily and
and take one as early as we can find it
because of the fact that I worry about
gaining ourselves out of the scene but
we don't have to worry about it too much
just yet
mapping would be really nice as well
we know these pills none of these pills
Seattle cane we do know these pills
none of these pills have been incredible
so far but the hero font card came in at
important time in my life keep in mind
for a self-sacrifice room we really only
need probably needs seven spirit arts
because of the wafer so we're like well
above that we also have nine lives which
means if things like truly got horrible
we could still probably have a chance we
are going to keep our room here we're
going to miss out on the money in the
process unless we can teleport so 48
hour energy well all it's a crawl space
or a black market crawl space crawl
space with the Bible closer to bookworm
at least if they made it so I couldn't
pick up the shovel there I would have
been a little ornery to be honest with
you I might as I might have said some
colorful language keep gulp I don't care
about the money whatever sure had some
points down the drain but either that or
we lose damage even if we went really
fast we would have ended up losing
damage on the way out so again clever
play good play
not necessarily in my opinion
all right sixteen bombs we should look
for secret rooms here probably like
2,000 points below where I'd like to be
but we are past Mom's hard which is or
past mama I should say which is very
good for us sad bombs is a wonderful
item and we want to trade two HP away
basically regardless of the
circumstances with the wafer we actually
can these are great items by the way did
we not get chaos because those are just
normal feel with the dental items let's
go let's go he's done it okay that we
definitely got chaos Immaculate
Conception and the more HP you get the
more you get like familiars that are
angelic I can't remember on Gabby's tail
we want ceremonial robes so we got a
whore of babylon plus all that extra
damage there of course the ideal for the
ideal for us is to not encounter a self
sacrifice room on this floor and then
for sure encounter one as late as
possible for example on Sheol if we can
get a self-sacrifice room on Sheol I
will bust into song I got show but I'm
not a show jerk how do people feel about
the killers cuz I grew up you know I'll
not grew up I had my formative years as
like a as a hipster basically and I
didn't hate The Killers that's not I
mean I hate serial killers because
they're bad people but I was like I'm
not the biggest fan mr. Brightside
catchy song I don't even mean catchy as
an insult which is how most people mean
when they say catchy but I really liked
all these things that I've done I was
like that's a that's a classic there I
mean it's no wolf per raise I'll believe
in anything but we want to get rid of
this HP as well by the way but we're
getting permanent polaroid invincibility
so it's not an enormous ask by the way
our bombs are beautiful right now
you got to fight him you get like a
damage not a damage but a points
multiplier for this floor something I
can't remember let's get out of here all
right there's no there's no X in there
so we should really just take one of
these existing exits because we're not
tight on time we can't fight house
anyway remember I think we had the one
in here yeah all right so we're gonna be
like 24,000 maybe 20 play yeah nearly
25,000 I'm just going to use the shovel
over here in the corner that's entry to
show so we know that we're at least good
to get to Sheol that's bookworm which is
also lovely that's not bookworm am I
losing my mind did we already get
bookworm does dead sea scrolls no longer
count as bookworm by the way health up I
do care but I don't need it right now
and I might not ever but either way this
floor is all about risk if we're able to
get excuse me
I mean you dust is like highly dusted if
we're able to get a self-sacrifice room
on this floor what do we do I think you
take it 37,000 is closely you can get
37,000 on shoulder - easily I know I
mean not pretty easily have to be a
great player but if you're a great
player that's not a it's not a mark
that's outside of the realm of
possibility but I would expect there to
be a self-sacrifice room somewhere
between the womb one and sholde at three
floors to get one self-sacrifice room we
didn't get one on the last floor that
doesn't mean we do but you know be nice
I guess is all I'm saying
dad's key you unfortunately dad's key is
useless right now because you can't
actually fight mega Satan if the run
doesn't go to mega satan to begin with
so unfortunately that's you know it
looks like a seam it walks like a seam
it's now
the scene he's going to keep exploring
obviously we have like basically no
reason not to explore as much as
possible relieving points on the table
if we were to bounce
I don't know now that I starts to come
into clarity the more you play you know
on a daily I should say you know at
first you're like 37,000 there's
multiple avenues one could take to get
there but then you get further and
further into the daily and you realize
there actually aren't not anymore at
least
honestly wait do we already have poison
bombs I thought we already go we got
fire bombs not poison bombs like
shielded tears are great but why not get
five extra bombs that are also crazy
here like that's going to kill
everything
not that there's necessarily much left
for us here to begin okay yeah and
that's my bed another ones down there as
well then I've got a bomb back again
what do you think about an eternal heart
I don't really want to lose Whore of
Babylon by going down to the next floor
those are one makes you small we
I'm just going to keep exploring I I
feel confident over top 250
like that's my first leg order of
magnitude because I think a lot of
people will have excluded some people
just died on runs and that I don't mean
that to be rude but like it's happened
to me sometimes you just you know you're
playing badly and you take two hits when
you're not supposed to maybe started
this run relatively fragile not not
Judas level but still you can you can
just make a couple mistakes and get cold
so that happens pretty frequently and
then you know throw on top of that the
people that didn't get go ahead the
people that you know maybe misuse the
shovel on boss rush the people that
didn't make boss rush to begin with I
think you can see like we got a we got a
bead on an okay score today but we need
to just go one level greater to get to
to get to those thirty thousands but it
appears and now I would probably feel
more comfortable saying that Sheol does
not have a self-sacrifice room because
we have explored almost everything here
I think it still would have found it
because of bomber boy well that's our
secret room anyway so we're just going
to go down to the next floor don't mind
fighting greed points no matter what
we're going to go down to the next floor
we're going to go down to Sheol and you
know what we might as well just do that
yeah okay well the guy HP so we might as
well taken a half red or it doesn't
really matter actually okay on Sheol we
got twenty nine thousand if we find a
self-sacrifice room we could be ranked
number one which makes me believe that
we are probably not likely to find a
self-sacrifice room so it's up to us to
find a few thousand extra points here
and it's not as tough as you might I got
hit by them in my own bombs there it's
not as tough as you might think to be
honest with you
because we're going to get a few
thousand just for like we'll get like a
thousand for being on this floor and
finishing all the rooms and I will get a
couple thousand for finishing as a bonus
for you know points or like consumables
etc etc I still you know one day you
should probably look up what the actual
bonuses are at the end but I might as
well exhaust all of our keys at this
point when you kill bosses on a boss
Trap room it gives you a charge every
time every wave you beat that's such a
positive change is that due to an item I
have is due to today's daily or is that
a new change in the most recent patch
because that is actually like a very
very good change doesn't mean make space
bar items even better but only on in
like one room every two floors so dude
that's really cool if that actually if
I'm not hallucinating and that actually
is the change that's been implemented
Thank You Nicholas that's a very
sensible change in my opinion obviously
we're going to crack into all the news
explosive diarrhea range up bread 30,000
oh he pulled away the last second we've
done it keep using this I mean I mean I
mean I don't think I can actually give
you grapes benefits necessarily now we
might be able to snag a crawl space
although I'm somewhat doubtful might as
well fight make a save
Wow even like a badly place sad bombs is
so good right now okay
so we're still looking for self
sacrifice rooms it's very important that
I actually look into the rooms because
that's creepy
seeing in the past sometimes I have a
tendency to gloss over the fact that
there might be a self-sacrifice room but
again I would be I would be stunned if
there were because we have not played
ten out of ten we're probably not you
know in the sevens with a maybe a bit of
a fudge factor upwards for our
decision-making process that's led us to
have some pretty good items here but you
can afford to take that and get nine
extra points but and it really would
open us up to getting like a ridiculous
amount of a ridiculous amount of points
what we would we would be first with a
bullet you know sorry what I meant to
say of course is I'd be your number one
with a bullet allotted god complex talk
it and pull it but we're gonna get
another HP upgrade they think and it
doesn't really matter if it's not
pushing a spirit heart out of the way
who cares it is it is right now pushing
a spirit out out of the way but okay
good good no self sacrifice room still
we played this right is the thing feels
like a secret room to me but it's hard
to argue that we didn't play this right
but we're not going to be in that we're
not going to be on the front page
I don't think there's any reason to go
to the self-sacrifice room honestly then
grab this red heart pick up like 30
points
grab this half red heart or full red
heart and pick up another couple and
then grab this so now they're like eight
points and then we're well we don't have
a self-sacrifice room or sorry a sec a
second secret room just yet that found
it amazingly and we're out okay we did
fine on today's daily would love to see
a scene where 149 I think that's fair we
played the okay but not at the top of
our game so thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe yo and see more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time